Silvermane.
In charge of organize crime for 30 years.
Someone burned down his mansion
a couple of nights ago.
-  Addison!
- You keep following me.
it won't end the way you want it to.
This guy have superpowers?
Like you?
Do me favor. Hold off on printing that.
I want to warn Donegal
before he gets himself killed.
That's enough of that.
There's gonna be a free-for-all.
The people could use a hero.
I hope they find someone.
I can't help but wonder
what Ruby would think.
I'm not that guy anymore.
Any chance
you know who this is?
Oh. that's Cat Hardy.
Star attraction over at The Alcove.
Is there somewhere we can talk?
- It's business.
- Flint.
Despite what I do.
I don't enjoy hurting people.
- Don't hurt him.
- What the hell is this?
- Just leave us alone. please.
-  When someone
tells you what they are.
- you have to listen.
-  And what is he?
Retired.
I came here to offer him a job.
My friend you met last night--
he's disappeared.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
You were saying Flint's your bodyguard.
Yes. He protects me and he is loyal.
Hard to find these days.
No kidding. I didn't marry my husband
for his looks.
What else can you tell us?
Does he have family. friends?
I don't know anything
about his personal life.
I know his address.
Are we gonna talk about the fact that
he turned into some kind of sand monster?
What I know. she knows.
It started about six months ago.
Slow. at first.
But it's been getting worse.
And he never remembers when it happens?
Oh. he always remembers.
Unless he gets clubbed in the head
with an iron girder.
That's it? He turned into sand. That's--
It was sand. right?
Just seems like kind of. like. a big deal.
So. do you have any clues
as to what's causing this to happen?
You haven't given us much to go on.
Isn't that what the money's for?
You're an investigator.
Investigate.
You know. an artist
doesn't just paint with air.
He needs a canvas. brushes. paint.
Do you think I'm withholding
from you. Mr. Reilly?
What if I said I did?
I'd ask why you thought that.
- I'd say a lifetime of experience.
- With clients?
With… women.
As fun as this little game is. I'm afraid
I have other business to attend to.
Get to painting. Mr. Reilly.
What do you think?
I think you might need a cold shower.
I think I might need one.
But you're right.
She is hiding something.
All the fun ones do.
I'm gonna check out Flint's apartment.
Why don't you do down to the Bu--
Bureau of Criminal Records? Yeah.
Been a while since we've had a real case.
But it ain't been that long.
♪ You got to accentuate ♪
♪ the positive ♪
♪ eliminate the negative ♪
♪ and latch on to the affirmative ♪
♪ Don't mess with Mr. In-Between ♪
♪ You got to spread joy ♪
♪ up to the maximum ♪
♪ bring gloom down to the minimum ♪
- ♪ and have faith ♪
- ♪ Amen ♪
♪ or pandemonium's ♪
♪ liable to walk upon the scene ♪
♪ Amen ♪
Gonna meet a new supplier
at the docks tomorrow.
Canadian.
You didn't tell me that.
I'm telling you now.
It's not smart for you to go out in public
till we know who tried to take you out.
I'll go where I want.
With all due respect.
you don't pay me what you pay me
for my charm or disposition.
You pay me to keep you alive
and I'm telling you it's a bad idea.
If you dying benefitted me.
I would have done it myself ten years ago.
But I know what I'm good at.
I know what I'm not.
and I need you to stay alive and in power.
So. pretty please. with cherries on top.
let me go down to the docks ahead of you.
Once I make sure everything's kosher.
you can waltz on in
and show everyone
the brightness of your feathers.
You finished?
Problem is not that the guy is out there.
The problem is they thought
they could take me out at all.
Ever since The Spider disappeared.
things have been comfortable.
Maybe someone's thinking
that I got complacent.
Or soft.
Maybe you're one of them.
Thinking you could take me out.
If you could set yourself on fire
like Addison. then you might have a shot.
Imagine controlling that kind of power.
Now Flint goes missing.
Right after.
He's been acting strange lately.
And if those two things are related...
Go look for Flint.
And when the boys find that PI...
Reilly.
Bring him straight to me.
♪ The colors fading from the photograph ♪
♪ I could tell the story ♪
♪ but still you wouldn't know the half ♪
♪ This love was brought to life
from shards of glass ♪
♪ When you kiss me there's a shifting ♪
♪ in the sepia tone ♪
♪ Can't escape the madness.
baby. magnetism ♪
♪ Run away but something
pulls me back into it ♪
♪ Lately I've been staring
at a broken mirror ♪
♪ Needing someone to call my own ♪
♪ Hey. lover ♪
♪ I need someone to save me now ♪
♪ from all the pain ♪
♪ I suffer ♪
♪ and the heavy world
that weighs me down ♪
♪ 'Cause the world ain't sweet ♪
♪ It's bitter to taste ♪
♪ But you could be ♪
♪ my saving grace ♪
Great.
Hi. this is
- Robbie Robertson calling.
-  Mr. Robertson.
how many times do I have to tell you?
You're never getting your old job back.
Listen. I don't know if Walters
has seen my article in the Gazette.
- but I just-- I--
- Mr. Robertson. there's no point...
What I'm saying is I j--
I-I just need to sit with him. that's all.
- Mr. Roberston. please. Mr. Robertson.
- But if you-if you just...
- I'm going to hang up now.
- ...you would just give me a chance to--
I'm onto something truly sensational!
It's the biggest story in years.
There hasn't been anything this big
since The Spider.
I promise it'll be worth his while.
I'll see what I can do.
Thank you. Thank you.
Flint Marko?
Got a delivery.
Anybody home?
Come on...
Flint.
Addison!
It's Winston.
Silvermane wants to talk to you.
Gimme the keys.
Check the bedroom.
Nice place.
Yeah. Bit fancy for my taste.
And I got a pretty good idea why.
Why?
Let's go.
You think he got a new lady?
That why he ain't coming to poker lately?
♪ If you're blue and you don't know
where to go to ♪
♪ why don't you go where fashion sits? ♪
♪ Puttin' on the Ritz...
Janet. Long time.
Thought you might've wised up
and quit the biz.
Oh. no. not me. Hank.
Sad to report I'm dumb as ever.
Found this sitting outside.
I didn't know if it belonged to anyone.
Hmm.
♪ with their swell beaus...
Ooh.
You know my wife
made me quit eating these.
Okay. well. in that case...
Hey! Last I checked. you ain't my wife.
♪ Puttin' on the Ritz...
- Name?
- Flint Marko.
All right. Be right back.
Don't you dare touch that bag.
It ain't a bribe if I don't get to eat it.
♪ Puttin' on ♪
-  Janet. good to see you.
- ♪ the Ritz...! ♪
Oh! Hey. Charlie. How you been?
Quite the record. our Mr. Marko.
Grew up in Brooklyn. Working class.
Came back with no prospects.
Small crimes. then bigger ones.
Arrest. arrest. arrest.
Now an enforcer for--
Silvermane.
That Winston guy showed up
while I was at Flint's.
- You hid in the closet?
- I hid in the closet.
Meuse-Argonne.
Didn't you fight there too?
Yeah.
Was one of the biggest battles of the war.
There were a million of us there.
- Hold on. Is that--
- Addison.
Looks like they were in the war together.
Is that what Cat is hiding from you?
I bet she knew that Flint
had a friend with superpowers.
Oh. I know. What I don't know
is why she didn't tell me.
Probably thought
you wouldn't have taken the case.
She would've been right.
I don't think I've ever heard that one.
I wouldn't think so.
It's an original.
Visited Flint's apartment today.
This mean anything to you?
I knew he was in the war.
Hard to believe he was ever so young.
What about this guy?
You see him--
this little guy. right over here?
He ever come around The Alcove.
visit Marko?
Can't say I've ever seen him.
His name's... Addison.
He's the guy that
burned down Silvermane's mansion.
He's dead now.
So's the PI that shot him.
What can I say?
The world's a dangerous place.
You're pretty cool under pressure.
- I wasn't aware I was under any.
- Why didn't you tell me
- Flint worked for Silvermane?
- Would you have taken the case if I had?
- I don't like surprises.
- I'll remember that
when your birthday rolls around.
The deed is under my name.
but it's no secret
Silvermane owns this place.
And Flint's a good way
to protect his investment.
- And you.
- And me.
You see. this club lives and dies
on people walking through that door
because they want what I give them.
You trying to get me. Mr. Reilly?
"Get you"?
Understand me.
Seems you got my number.
I've learned a lot of them over the years.
Oh. o-one for every Tom. Dick and Harry?
Hmm. You're interesting.
Oh. yeah? How's that?
Well. the other night when we met.
you called yourself a coward.
But I think you're braver than you let on.
Oh you're good.
In an obvious sort of way.
I'm as subtle as the situation requires.
You see. I have business with Silvermane
and I have business with you. Mr. Reilly.
One has nothing to do with the other.
Now. have I said enough for you
to keep the money you came here to return?
Or have I misjudged you?
No I'll keep working the case.
Not because I'm brave.
- Why. then?
- Uh.
a singer's got to know all the numbers.
Maybe a detective has just
got to know all the answers.
Uh...
It's. uh...
It.. Tai chi.
Yeah. that's right. It's tai chi.
It's. uh. it's good.
It's good for breathing and relaxation.
I recommend it.
We don't have the slightest clue
what you're talking about.
We don't care. either.
Oh!
A toaster? Really?
Gosh. I shouldn't have thrown it so hard.
-  Come on. Come on.
-  Let's go for a ride.
Mind telling me why I'm here?
Silvermane wants to see you.
I figured that. I'm asking why.
We're not really the "why" guys.
Maybe you wouldn't be here
if you didn't try ripping the boss off.
Ah. Donegal.
I didn't have anything
to do with his little scheme.
I actually tried to talk him out of it.
Like I said. the boss just wants to talk.
And I've got no idea who hired Addison
to burn down your boss' house.
You don't know nothing. huh?
Double negative.
but we'll set that aside for now.
My point is I'm not much of a detective.
Yeah. then you got nothing to worry about.
Just like Donegal. right?
Yeah. just like Donegal.
Uh. by the way. I am sorry about the nose.
Me? That was him.
Oh! Oh...
Get out!
Where'd he go?
Check the side.
The boss ain't gonna like this.
Yeah. he wanted us to bring him in.
Get in the car.
Dumbass.
Times are tough all over.
But the true measure of a city
is in how it responds to the hard times.
And this isn't Topeka or Kalamazoo.
This is New York.
We're gonna link arms and stand strong
against the rising tide.
It was easy to stand up here
when the streets...
What's the headline here?
"Desperate Morris Delivers Dud."
No. I'd-I'd go with quadruple M:
"'Mayor's Missive Misses Mark."
Man. I wouldn't trust Hudson
to do my laundry and that man's
gonna beat Morris by ten points.
Sometimes you just
want a different brand of snake oil.
So. uh. you gonna explain your face?
Let's just say you should
lay off the Addison reporting.
Silvermane?
He's on a warpath about Addison.
Wants to know who's coming after him.
So tread... lightly.
Man. I'm not the one with a face
that looks like hamburger meat.
I've tangoed with his guys before.
As the man with the mask and the goggles.
New York's beloved hero of the hour.
Not as Ben Reilly.
You know what? Gimme that.
I'm making a declaration right now.
That's right.
If I'm re-elected
you can say goodbye to Prohibition.
Man knows his audience.
As God is my witness.
you'll never go thirsty again.
Look. all I'm saying
is you're in it with Silvermane now.
If the choice is to suit up or die.
might be time to tango again.
Maybe you'd be doing the city a favor
in the process.
Oh. come on. Robbie. Enough of that.
You know what I'm doing after this?
- What?
- Being beautiful.
And working the Addison story.
I don't publish. I don't eat. my friend.
I've been thinking about the Canadians.
You gonna let me handle it?
No. I'll do it.
Plan stands. but...
go ahead of me. Scout it out.
Ah.
I think it's stylish.
What do you think. Winston?
I'm not one for fashion.
But the whole thing is a little...
tired.
Now. Winston.
have you got a gripe with her?
No. I just think there's better things
to spend time on than dressing up dolls.
Well. there's fashion and there's taste.
Box it up. You like it too. right?
Honestly. I think it's--
Yeah. yeah. it's perfect.
Excuse me. ma'am.
I'm looking for the Addisons.
Mrs. Addison?
Who are you?
- Hey. brother.
- Don't "hey. brother" me.
I asked you a question.
You sure did.
and seeing as you are a very large
- and angry man.
- Mm.
I'm gonna answer.
I'm looking for Vera Addison.
Know where she is?
Why do you want to know?
Well. I am a reporter.
Working a story on James Addison's death.
Wanted to talk to his widow.
Jimmy's dead?
Oh. I'm sorry.
You... you guys were friends?
How did he die?
Mm. there was an explosion...
...at the Standard Oil depot.
Why are you writing about him?
Well. before he died
he burned down the wrong house.
Whose?
Silvermane.
- Think it's time for you to leave.
- Wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
Addison didn't just take it
upon himself to burn down the house
of the most dangerous man in the city.
Someone paid him to do it.
Now. look. he was your friend.
so I'm guessing he wasn't a bad guy.
He was sick.
And these days call for men
to use their sicknesses to get by.
Until their sicknesses eat them alive.
- Hang on. what do you mean. he was sick?
- I don't know who hired him.
But. yeah.
his wife might.
And do you know where I can find her?
Try the Geoffrey Hotel.
She always went there
when they came into some money.
And when she came back.
the money was gone.
Go figure.
Well. thanks.
I'll pay her a visit.
I told you.
he hardly comes to the office anymore.
I can't remember the last time I saw him.
Well. maybe this'll jog your memory.
Please! I'm telling you the truth.
For your sake. I hope so.
We'll be back.
Janet!
Did they hurt you?
No. not this time.
But they said they'd be back.
Ben. they put a gun to my head.
They kept saying that
I'd end up like Donegal?
That if I didn't tell them where you were.
he and I'd be crossing
the River Styx together.
What does that mean?
It means Donegal's dead.
Silvermane killed him.
But I'll take care of it.
Ever since Ruby died. I've been waiting
for you to get it back together.
Back to the man I know
is buried somewhere inside you.
Five years.
And this is how it ends.
Janet.
Go home. Get-get some rest.
You'll feel better and I'll…
I'll call you when it's safe.
Yeah. I'm gonna go home.
But I am not coming back.
I care about you. Ben.
so deeply.
But not enough to die for you.
Janet...
Janet!
Hiya! I'm Pete with Maintenance.
Sorry about the leak.
It'll be no problem.
I'll just. uh-- Gosh. the unit downstairs.
big mess. Water. water everywhere.
- What's going on?
- Something about a leak?
Oh. I like what you've done with place.
Although if you move the table
over by the window.
you really get that sunset glow at dinner.
- I told you that.
- I'm sorry. have you been here before?
I am familiar with the unit. yes.
Uh. bathroom's that way. hmm?
Well. don't just stand there.
Say something.
Um. sir. w-what exactly are you fixing?
Uh. yep. yeah. I found the issue.
You've got a busted gerry casket.
It's a misalignment
from the mission joist.
Excuse me.
w-what's happening in there?
Bit of an existential crisis.
if I'm honest.
About my toilet?
I don't think that guy was a plumber.
Stairs are to the left.
Thanks for your trouble.
Thanks for the dollar.
Mrs. Addison?
I didn't order anything.
My name is Robbie Robertson.
I'm a reporter.
Hold-hold-- ho-hold on.
hold on now. I just...
- I just want to talk.
- You got three seconds
to get out of here or I'm gonna scream.
And I don't think you want
a white woman screaming
about a Black man trying
to force his way into her hotel room.
Actually. I got a hunch...
that you wouldn't want
the city's most ruthless gangster
knowing that the money someone
paid your husband to kill him
was being spent on...
lobster and designer clothes.
So. go ahead and scream. honey.
Unless you want me to do it.
I got a pretty deep voice.
It really carries.
So. that's it?
What do you mean?
No tears?
I just told you your husband died.
People grieve in different ways.
You already knew.
James was a lot of things.
but not the type to cut and run.
When he didn't come home that night.
I figured he was never coming home.
- When did he start setting fires?
- Six months ago.
Suddenly discovered
he had an innate talent for it.
Who hired him for the Silvermane job?
Just because I didn't scream
doesn't mean I'm an open book.
As far as I'm concerned.
James dug his own grave
and now he's lying in it.
This place feels haunted.
That's 'cause it is.
Speaking of ghosts...
...Jimmy Addison's dead.
What?
When?
Couple days ago.
Some reporter came around
asking about him. Wanted to know
who hired him to kill Silvermane.
You didn't know.
If I'd known. I would have stopped him.
Flint.
You don't look so good.
It happened again.
I changed completely this time.
Never changed back.
Eh. not all the way.
It's like the doc said.
Our clocks are ticking.
Faster and faster now.
Everything we went through.
We deserve better. you and I.
Let's get out of here.
You can crash at my place.
Better for us to stick together right now.
Yeah.
You have to check every crate?
Is it 'cause we're Canadians?
Yeah. it's 'cause
you're Canadian. No.
Boss doesn't trust anyone.
Myself included.
That's why he still runs this town.
Shipment's good. boss.
Ready for you to come.
Right. I'm on my way.
What is that?
Hey. go check it out.
Go. Go. go. go. go. go!
He's on the roof! Aah!
Shoot him!
Hello.
Where'd he go?
That way.
Come here!
Thank you.
Oh! God.
Don't you ever run out of bullets?
Guess you do.
Huh?
What? What the hell are you waiting for?
After you.
No. no. By all means.
Out of the car!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa! Not another step.
See? Tai chi.
- It's been a while.
- You've done well
without me around. haven't you?
Didn't know you did hit jobs now.
- Do you mind if I ask you who hired you?
- Nobody hires me.
I'm here because of Ben Reilly.
- Reilly? The flatfoot?
- Yeah. that's right. I owe him a favor.
Sorry. where are my manners?
- Do you want a drink?
- No. I want you and your goons
to lay off Reilly.
He doesn't know who tried to kill you
and roughing up his secretary
isn't gonna change that.
So. I leave the gumshoe alone.
and that's it?
'Cause. you know.
back in the day you really
- couldn't leave me alone. could you?
- I don't think you're listening to me.
Silvermane.
This is your only warning.
If you mess with Reilly
or any of his people…
...I will kill you.
Reilly.
This you? This your doing?
What are you talking about?
Did you stop Silvermane's car?
Oh. you heard about that. huh?
Yeah. well. I got some bad news for you.
Cops had an ambush
set up for Silvermane at the docks.
Someone gave them a tip
about a booze exchange.
Someone tipped off the cops
about a Silvermane booze exchange?
Yeah. they're rounding up
about a dozen of his guys right now.
Cops were all set to catch
the man himself in the act.
But Silvermane never showed.
Do they know why he didn't show?
No. don't worry. Police got word that
someone stopped Silvermane from coming.
They don't know it was you.
Shit. got to go.
I ain't trying to die in no phone booth.
What the hell did I just do?
♪ Now ♪
♪ you say you're lonely ♪
♪ Said you cried ♪
♪ the whole night through ♪
♪ Well you can ♪
♪ cry me a river ♪
♪ Cry me a river ♪
♪ 'cause I cried a river over you ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ And now you say you're sorry ♪
♪ for being so untrue ♪
♪ So what? ♪
♪ Just cry me a river ♪
♪ Cry me a river ♪
♪ I cried a river over you ♪
♪ You drove me ♪
♪ nearly drove me out of my head ♪
♪ Bye-bye. my love ♪
♪ while you never shed a tear ♪
♪ Remember? ♪
♪ I remember all you said ♪
♪ Bye-bye. my love ♪
♪ Told me love was too plebeian ♪
♪ Told me you were through with me ♪
♪ And now you say ♪
♪ you love me ♪
♪ Well. just to prove ♪
♪ you do ♪
♪ go on and cry me a river ♪
♪ I'd like to see you cry a river ♪
♪ 'cause I'm tired ♪
♪ of crying over ♪
♪ you ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-